This is the page title:   eggs unimedia romania
This are all the title from the page:  
                
                    
                    eggs
                
                
                
                
                    Who we are
                
                    Adobe partnership
                
                    Team
                
                    Company profile
                
                
            ,
                
                    
                    Careers at eggs
                
                
                
                
                    Join our team
                
                    Open positions
                
                    Benefits
                
                
            ,
                
                    
                    Blog
                
                
                
                
                    The Knights of the Agile round table
                
                    Self-governing meetings with lean coffee 
                
                    Exploratory testing and the Tourist Metaphor 
                
                    Why A.I. won't take your job
                
                
            ,
                
                    
                    eggsIT academy
                
                
                
                
                    Curriculum 
                
                
            
This is the page title:  Careers at eggs
This is the headline:  
                Would you like responsible and demanding tasks without giving up freedom and work-life balance?
            ,
                Do you want to work in a professional and demanding work environment but don't want to wear a business look every day?
            ,
                Are you looking for your first job after your studies or training? Or do you want new challenges?
            

                Do you want to work in a professional and demanding work environment but don't want to wear a business look every day?
            
This is the benefits headline:  
    These benefits are waiting for you in our company

This are facts about company:  home office,flexible working hours,individual career development,happymeter,team events,near the park office,eggs library,sports
This are facts about company:  




    
    
    


Agile mindset

At eggs, we have chosen to implement flat hierarchies to facilitate working in agile project teams. However, our commitment to agility goes beyond just our project teams. It is an essential part of our culture that permeates all areas and teams. We believe that this approach allows us to be more flexible and responsive to the needs of our clients, as well as better adapt to a constantly changing business environment.

    

    At eggs, we have chosen to implement flat hierarchies to facilitate working in agile project teams. However, our commitment to agility goes beyond just our project teams. It is an essential part of our culture that permeates all areas and teams. We believe that this approach allows us to be more flexible and responsive to the needs of our clients, as well as better adapt to a constantly changing business environment.
    



    
    
    


Growing together

After less than two years since the opening of eggs Romania, we are fast approaching the milestone of 100 employees. An ingredient for our success is the flat organization, where everyone is equal, which stimulates innovation and creates a workplace where everyone can bring value. We also provide support in a career path for every one of our colleagues and facilitate participation in tech talks, conferences, and specialized courses.

    

    After less than two years since the opening of eggs Romania, we are fast approaching the milestone of 100 employees. An ingredient for our success is the flat organization, where everyone is equal, which stimulates innovation and creates a workplace where everyone can bring value. We also provide support in a career path for every one of our colleagues and facilitate participation in tech talks, conferences, and specialized courses.
    



    
    
    


Shared flat feeling

At eggs, we really value supporting each other's ideas and career paths. It's amazing how much we can learn from one another! We also like to do things together outside of work, like going shopping at lunchtime or cooking up a storm in the fully equipped office kitchen. And when we need a break, we head over to the Fun Room for some much-needed downtime. It's not all fun and games, though - we also like to challenge ourselves with board games and enjoy some delicious pizza while we listen to tech talks from our experts. Take a look at our experts and get an idea of ​​your potential teammates.

    

    At eggs, we really value supporting each other's ideas and career paths. It's amazing how much we can learn from one another! We also like to do things together outside of work, like going shopping at lunchtime or cooking up a storm in the fully equipped office kitchen. And when we need a break, we head over to the Fun Room for some much-needed downtime. It's not all fun and games, though - we also like to challenge ourselves with board games and enjoy some delicious pizza while we listen to tech talks from our experts. Take a look at our experts and get an idea of ​​your potential teammates.
    




